Scenario:
You have been tasked with automating the deployment and security configuration of a web application on multiple servers. The web application consists of a frontend (running on Nginx) and a backend (running on Node.js). Additionally, you need to perform the following tasks:

    Security Hardening:
        Ensure that SSH access to the servers is secure by disabling password-based authentication and enforcing key-based authentication.
        Configure a firewall to allow only necessary incoming traffic on specific ports (e.g., 22 for SSH, 80 for HTTP, and 443 for HTTPS).

    Web Application Deployment:
        Clone the web application code repository from a Git repository to the server.
        Install Node.js and required dependencies.
        Set up a reverse proxy using Nginx to serve the frontend and proxy requests to the backend application.

    SSL/TLS Configuration:
        Configure SSL/TLS certificates for Nginx to enable HTTPS for the web application.

Instructions:

    Set up your Ansible control machine and ensure SSH access to the target servers.

    Create an inventory file named inventory.ini that lists the target servers you want to configure.

    Create an Ansible playbook named deploy_web_app.yml to automate the deployment and security configuration tasks. Organize the playbook into roles and tasks for each of the following:
        SSH hardening and firewall setup.
        Web application deployment and dependencies.
        SSL/TLS certificate configuration.

    Write separate tasks for each role to achieve the required configurations and deploy the web application.

    Run your Ansible playbook to configure and deploy the web application on the target servers:

    ansible-playbook -i inventory.ini deploy_web_app.yml

    After the playbook execution, verify that the web application is accessible via HTTPS, and SSH access is secure.

This exercise challenges you to automate a more complex scenario that involves multiple tasks, including security hardening, software installation, and configuration. It also introduces the concept of roles to organize your playbook effectively.